34,
000 so it's the same thing whether you
will write this way.
So here is we can take the value and we
can pass using the getter,
get the balance will return the balance
to self self balance.
Similarly set will set the values so we
can write the setter also if we want to
set but set we have done through the this
one we count.
Now here is one question for you.
This one you can do. This one is here.
OK.
Control CI have copied and pasted it here.
After that we will start the next topic.
Just one one question for you.
Here is this example we already have
created, right?
I have copy paste the earlier example.
Here is the example right?
Uh.
View Terminal.
Um.
Come into this one.
This is the example that you have done
earlier, right?
Account holder need amount is 1200.
This is your account class right here
what we want to do.
We have created here one object of
account.
Please delete all this stuff.
This is your account class, right?
You will copy paste the account class
down the earlier class we have created
here one.
Thing we want to know.
Let's see the balance.
Account holder.
The account.
AC.
PC is equal to account and I'm writing
here the.
Account holder name is let's say and here
is the balance is 50,000, let's say 15,
000.
We have created this one here we have to
write.
Print.
One for deposit.
24.
This one you have to do.
If user have entered one then it will
deposit the amount.
If entered 2 it will withdraw the amount.
It will ask how much you want to deposit,
how much you want to withdraw and it will
withdraw and deposit from this account.
Are you able to do this?
You got my question.
No, I repeat,
see this is your account class, right?
You have this account AC.
I have right here, let's say AC dot show.
So I have right.
So this account have the name Sam and the
balance is 15,000, right?
This one you have.
Let me just go here and show you what
it's doing right now.
View terminal here is.
Here the account holder name is Sam.
Account balance is 15,000.
Here is 1 for deposit, 2 for withdraw.
So if user have entered 1.
It will ask how much you want to enter
please.
Tools.
One for deposit 2 for enter if you have.
If you have entered one so it will
deposit that amount.
It will ask how much you want to deposit
and it will deposit in your account.
If you entered two it will ask how much
you want to withdraw.
It will withdraw from your account.
Can you do it?
You can like this way while true.
OK, if it's true,
then do it one for withdraw.
If oh why I'm writing,
you have to write out.
This is all. It's a hint by I'm writing,
so you will do it.
You got it.
And after this we will start the next
thing with module and packages.
Yeah, see, when the the the.
I'm not thinking.
Thank.
No, that's.
Mhm.
Mm.
Yeah, yeah.
Nothing like.
Done call of you.
No.
Why you can open the this while example I
have showed you loop example and you will
find out the solution.
You already have done this type of things,
right?
Here you can write the choice.
Done any of you online?
Any of you have completed?
Yes, that's it.
If the choice.
Is equal to equal to 1.
So what we will do?
We will print here the.
We will be late.
Withdrawal amount.
First one is what deposit, huh?
Will I deposit amount?
The amount is equal to.
Load dot bars.
Note dot input.
Enter amount to.
Deposit.
Easy dot deposit.
Do you want?
Else.
No.
Done.
So here is one forbetross.
View Terminal.
We have terminals.
One for deposit.
One for deposit amount 233.
And if you want to withdraw to for
withdraw.
Here is 2 for withdraw.
You have entered the amount 2000.
Pelons after withdrawing this much.
What even do?
It will be drawn this one deposit if we
have the balance also. So how we will do?
Three things you have to do.
Then you reuse Elsif.
Yes, can we use and I can we use?
Anything you can write?
You can write. This is the variable.
You can write a num.
Why we will give that name just to
because this is just the meaningful for
what purpose we are going to use.
This is a variable you can use anything.
We are at the number.
If someone else will see your code,
he will understand why you have declared
that variable.
Could be anything.
This is the variable name.
Right.
Or you can need option.
Option.
There is an option there's equal to.
Anything not necessarily only,
but what do you like here?
You are right here as well, same thing.
That's why I have started from the
variable constant all these things.
Keywords. These are the keywords.
No. See, you can't run all the keywords,
right?
So it means you can't remember all the
keywords, right? So once they will come,
you will check them.
Uh, see here.
All Python keywords.
There's a list of keywords.
These are the keywords, for example.
The the but this way you can't.
We can't work.
Actually the keyword says the special
words that have the special meaning for
the for the programming.
Like for example you have studied the if
else right? You have done the if else.
So this if is a keyword.
And else is a keyword so you can't use it
later on, right?
So you can't do like you have learned all
the keywords and remember them.
That way you can't work right.
The way working is once you we have
discussed the let's say.
We have discussed if else, right?
So that time you have seen if is a
keyword, else is a keyword.
So then it should be in your mind this is
the keyword.
Now you have done the four while,
so now it should be in your mind this
four is a keyword, while is a keyword.
Then you have done the classes,
so class is a keyword.
Then inside this we have done function in
the function def is a keyword.
This is define is a keyword here today.
I also have told you that here is a.
The self is a keyword,
this is a parameter self and the def is a
keyword. This is a built-in function,
so this is a keyword here inside this
class and then the print is a keyword.
You know now print is going to do the
command that the command instruction you
are going to give to some.
That is a keyword so you can't use it.
Print for example input.
Now you will not make the mistake for
input to use somewhere because you know
the input is for taking the values.
So similarly once you know the things
then you will automatically understand
these are the keywords.
So keywords are special words.
That have some meaning for the compiler,
for the programming compilation, right?
So one have read the hand for those. Yes,
you want to say something.
Yes, Sir. I have a question, Sir.
Yeah, please.
In the loop you put choice equal to what?
Mhm.
We have not put the loop,
we have just taken the value and we have
Uh.
do it. I have done it without the loop.
If you want to do it in the loop then we
Uh, yes.
will write it inside the loop also right?
OK, choose equal to one.
It will go to AC deposit, right?
Right.
What if we put #3?
It still go to a withdraw?
If it will go to the withdraw,
so you want to handle that situation,
right?
So we can write if is equal to equal to
two, then the withdraw, right?
So that I was about to ask you.
That's why I'm not right.
Let me show you otherwise.
Girls.
We have rate here.
Read.
Wrong choice.
Fine. So now it will. Is it OK now?
And if you write the third one, third one,
Yes.
for example #3,
you want to get the balance 3 years.
Balance.
Info.
It is balanced for so you want to go to
the three as well, so if.
of is equal to equal to
Three. Then what we will do?
We want to call this one.
AC dot show.
We'll show you the holder name and the
account balance. Otherwise wrong choice,
OK.
So someone have put in the this one group
with the list of keywords,
but these are not all keywords.
So few of these if you want to just
remember then to.
Sir.
There.
Yeah.
What's the difference between?
This these are not all, but yes,
just to get the idea, it's good.
You can memorize. Otherwise,
by the time you will understand all the
keywords, absolutely.
That's good, but for review it's good.
They can this page will help them out.
You can go through that.
See here. That's why I showed you here.
Also this is the list of keywords.
There is the folds of it and all.
But during the time you will get to know
the Python exception handling.
We are going to do the next.
Next we are going to do the this one
packages.
And uh,
the modules and after that we will start
the exception handling, right?
Today we will go for packages and modules.
Exception handling will do tomorrow.
Few things if we will cover today it will
be good.
Done.
For example,
one you have entered central amount
deposit.
Where it's going to?
And it's giving the.
Will you use a leaf?
Hmm else if.
That's it.
So if any of these the conditions we'll
go here view terminal.
Here is CLS.
We'll go here one for deposit and amount
something something.
Balance after deposited this week.
So we have rate LG.
If this condition is true then this part
will execute. If this condition is false,
it will go and check the next condition.
If that is also false,
it will go to the next.
If none of these match,
it will go to the else part, right?
So in that case we can use the LC.
If you'll use LC if it,
but then this LC part will go,
it's important and that's why we have to
use LC.
What did you?
That is 5 options.
And then what happens?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Then we don't.
Thank you.
I love you too.
It's like any kind of a project to check
in this, you know?
I'm sorry.
When I take the day, see, that's right,
just when I take the day.
That's it.
We'll do that.
It's actually a.
Oh, society.
Versions of the.
You'll be like I'll see, I'll see.
I'll see if you want to do the withdrawal,
you have to run the.
You want to use the while loop in this
one. How to do it?
Everything I will do.
What you will do then that you will do.
This is your task.
I don't. I think you don't.
So let's just start the next thing now.
Python. OK,
this one I have not uploaded today.
Let me upload it fast.
Yeah.
Is that.
Can you?
OK, I'll check that.
Let me just upload it for today's content,
then we'll start the next thing.
So here is.
Should I start new Tawik now?
You are all set already. Let's start.
Today I will give you some exercises so I
can share today on WhatsApp so you can
submit your responses before the morning.
OK, is it fine?
When not today? Tomorrow.
Mhm.
I think that should do it.
It's the same text.
We should put a.
Oh.
I have here.
Should it be?
I do think that it.
Yeah.
Oops.
That's OK.
I'm not.
Well, it's guess you want.
I'm speaking and you know, you know.
See,
I have uploaded this one and this is the
PDF also.
That's the PDF for the next topic.
Ready.
Yes.
Changed, right? What? Sorry,
that's really the bad ones.
That's great balance and what we can
change through the methods.
To the matters we can change.
This court.
Yeah, this one. Yeah,
that that that language.
This is the keyword. This is the keyword.
This is a function.
Actually this is initializer in the
morning. We are done. Actually I am,
but we have not returned the time.
This is the initializer.
This is a function that's automatically
call whenever you will create the object
of this class right?
So for example you have created the
object here AC account Sam.
So this init will call so holder name
will be it set the Sam and the balance it
will set the.
You values you have passed.
For example you have created one more.
Let's say AC one is equal to account.
And you have rate from here this is 1 Raj
for example and here you have rate some
sort of amount right?
Sorry.
The deaf deposit.
This is this deaf is a keyword.
Definition is a keyword.
This is a function here, huh?
DF.
It was. It's not the keyword.
You can write.
You can write any method here.
The withdraw is not a keyword. Fine.
This one is a keyword.
Def is a keyword and the init is a
function built in and this self is a
keyword here.
Self the the rest. The print is a keyword.
The deposit is not a keyword.
If else is keywords.
The deposit you can write something else
also. For example you can write the.
Which one? No, no, it's a.
It's a value you are passing.
It's a parameter you are passing to
account holder.
This is a AC is a object of the class.
Account is a class name and these are the
value you are passing.
For example AC one you are passing the
value Raj and this one and you want to
display using AC one dot show.
So what what it will show?
It will show you this value.
This value have passed. This one is Raj,
the account holder name is Raj and the
the amount will be 50,000.
OK.
Read it. Thanks.
No.
Next topic.
Are you ready for next topic or want to
take 5 minutes wait and then start?
Want to take back?
No, yes or no?
Yes, for what? Yes, for take. Yes,
for take break. Yes. OK, fine.
Take 10 minutes break and come back. Fine.
Just 10 minutes, not more than that.
So it's uh.
13 it's considered 15.
So by 35 everyone should be here.
12 minute breaks for all of you.
The online one also you guys can join
again at 1535. It's three.
35 OK,
this is 10 minute breaks for all of you.
Just go and come back.
Oh.